Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-createIndex.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::createIndex()
==================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Create an index in a MongoDB collection using `createIndex()` with options for collation, TTL, uniqueness, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Create an index in a MongoDB collection with the MongoDB PHP Library with options for collation, TTL, uniqueness, and more.
```
